feat: Add a CodeZero Desktop app tutorial (#121)
c6o/docs: content/tutorials/desktop-app.md

In this tutorial we are going to install the [CodeZero Desktop](https://codezero.io/platform/desktop) app and use it to run some [Development Profiles](/concepts/profiles) containing commands for Teleport and Intercept.

## Objectives

In this tutorial, you will learn

* How to install and run the CodeZero Desktop app
* How to add a cluster configuration to the Desktop app
* How to create a Development Profile using the CLI
* How to run a Development Profile from the Desktop app
* How to view running sessions and command activity

## Prerequisites

It is assumed you have the standard prerequisites:

[prerequisites](_fragments/prerequisites.md ':include')

If you are missing any of these, you can [learn about getting a Kubernetes cluster](guides/kubernetes-quickstart), clone the [Sample Kubernetes Project](https://github.com/c6o/sample-project) on GitHub, and follow this guide for [installing the CodeZero CLI and Deskop app](/guides/installing).

For this tutorial you will also need to be using MacOS or Linux, and have NodeJS 16+.

## Tutorial

> ### Set up the Sample Project

Reviewer: Make this document consistent with https://docs.codezero.io/#/tutorials/edge

See how Prerequisites are listed and summarized. Set up a Sample Project is a prerequisite and should not be repeated in each tutorial unless there are changes to the setup that need to be highlighted

## Prerequisites

It is assumed you have the standard prerequisites:

[prerequisites](_fragments/prerequisites.md ':include')

If you are missing any of these, you can [learn about getting a Kubernetes cluster](guides/kubernetes-quickstart), clone the [Sample Kubernetes Project](https://github.com/c6o/sample-project) on GitHub, and follow this guide for [installing the CodeZero CLI](/guides/installing).

For this tutorial you will also need to be using MacOS or Linux, and have NodeJS 16+.

## Tutorial

### Set up the Sample Project

If you have already installed the Sample Project to a cluster, you can skip to the next section. If not, head on over to the [GitHub repo](https://github.com/c6o/sample-project) and go through the steps in the Sample Project's README.

### Run a Service Locally

If you haven't already, go through the [Developing Edge Services](https://docs.codezero.io/#/tutorials/edge) tutorial, which will show you how to run a teleport command using the CodeZero CLI to debug a locally running service. Close the teleport at the end because we are going to run it again in this tutorial, but using the Desktop app.

### Install the Desktop app

> Head over to the [CodeZero website](https://codezero.io/platform/desktop) and download the Desktop app for your platform. Run the installer.

Reviewer: This should be under Guides and by the time you come to the Tutorial, you can assume they have it installed

After cloning the repo, go into the project root in a terminal and build and run the services:

```bash
yarn install
yarn start

# On MacOS
open http://localhost:3030
```

Hit Ctrl-C to exit.

We are going to now install the Sample Project to a cluster.

1. To make things easier, grab the kubeconfig file for your cluster and copy it to the root of the Sample Project repo.
1. In your terminal, run `export KUBECONFIG=$PWD/dev-kubeconfig.yaml`.
1. Install the Sample Project to your cluster:

```bash
kubectl create ns sample-project
kubectl -n sample-project apply -f ./k8s
```

This will install all the services and deployment but will not set up ingress. If your cluster is on service provider like DigitalOcean, you can use a generic LoadBalance service by running the following:

```bash
kubectl -n sample-project apply -f ./k8s/loadbalance
```

You will then need to obtain the appropriate ingress service IP address or the LoadBalancer IP address and go to `http://IP-ADDRESS` in a browser.

```bash
kubectl get svc -n sample-project sample-project-frontend --output jsonpath='{.status.loadBalancer.ingress[0].ip}'
```

### Run a Service Locally

```bash

> yarn start-frontend

Author: I'm open to however we want to structure this. So perhaps this tutorial starts with something like "this tutorial assumes you have completed tutorials #1 and #2"?

Head over to the [CodeZero website](https://codezero.io/platform/desktop) and download the Desktop app for your platform. Run the installer.

Launch the app. You will likely be prompted to provide your password to give the app elevated priviledges; this is so that the app can install the CodeZero daemon (background service).

Once the app is running you will see a CodeZero icon in your system tray. Click on the tray icon and select "Dashboard" to open up the UI.

### Add your Configuration

Click on the tray icon again and select Configurations -> + Add Configuration. Select your cluster's kubeconfig file.

### Add a Workspace

A Workspace is a folder on your machine where you keep all your [Development Profiles](/concepts/profiles). Reminder that a Development Profile is a simple manifest file that defines a specific set of reproducible CodeZero commands. This allows developers to easily get several commands running for the tasks at hand without having to remember all the command line parameters for the command line tool.

Click on the tray icon again and select Workspaces -> + Add Workspace. Select the root of the Sample Project repo.

### Run a Development Profile

> The Sample Project comes with an example Development Profile with just a single Teleport command:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Sample Project comes with an example Development Profile called "teleport", which opens a basic teleport session to the `sample-project` namespace and exports the `sample-project-core` deployment's environment variables to the file `./env.sh`.
```

```yaml

> apiVersion: system.codezero.io/v1alpha1

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure if we should highlight the actual contents of the development profile.

See proposed alternative text, or, we could show the CLI equivalent if we wanted?
`czctl teleport deployment sample-project-core -n sample-project -f ./env.sh`
